Hi guys, in today's video I came
Talk about something I really like
I do not know if you like but I adore
food
So here in Brazilians like you
You know I had the opportunity to
try food from all over the
also know a little about the slow pizza and
dundo ishii are good American food
know some things that are common
here a list of
things that I noticed are good
different are cool to say one
little bit you mop but you can not
missing is the pizza that comes from any
place not super cheap logic type of
cheap the second is a report
the hot dog here it's kind of nothing compared
with the end of the Brazilian he is the bread
and the sausage and broke people
usually with him at the stadium when
them to a baseball game the game of
football and with the bun he makes a
drawing and people usually
with him in the stadium when this game has
played and I'm 23 with cinnamon so it 's
nothing but a loaf is the
the third is what is the burrito that in the
The truth is Mexican but just as the
Mexico
It's so good, it 's just like it.
what is a clay lay spoken
I want to go ready it was very delicious
very cool, I really liked it when
I arrived now, not so much that it was
very different was the coca cola
Coca cola that comes to us
see United States and either
twig anywhere you sell in Brazil
has 16 because the fourth thing is
the ice scratch card they have here
so then these places open it
You always have this ice scratch card and
the school with the taste I think so bad
So bad, I do not know why this does.
so much success here
the kids love this with so much that I
choose in red blue
I'm not much of a fan, very clear.
that calls attention here in the state - is the
portion size for example a cup
small dollar is kind average size
almost big will be the big one in brazil
because gigantic things do not
has as it is the following here the
actions are divided into the pizza that is
small to medium small child
great for me is that here is great
really serious because things are
very large have no need to
study
Another interesting thing is also that
for example in my college when you define
when I ate a side sandwich like
Sandwich it is natural that it sold and the salad
she lived apart and had bread with
cheese and I do not know anything like that
easy to drink wine in a separate bag
for you to throw away then the
society that it is already playing outside
Like if you want something else too
which I met when it was that me in
November when I have a chocolate
hot where he puts the marshmallow I
I do not know the person just needs to be ordinary
I've never done it before and it went well
cool because the marshmallow it gets
melts a hot chocolate is more
It's very delicious for me
is a very American thing very typical
same could not be the
time is the apple pie and also has
the top that the father that the pumpkin pie
that they run but in the
halloween is also very cool are usimec
OK
they eat even salty snacks to serve
people put there the doritos and that's it
that they eat during the floods that
they make a house and such
It is very interesting that the thigh also
It was one thing that was very
strange to me that is the fact that they
put slaughter on everything because so I
only consumed avocado with sugar in the mine
for such very tasty but here they
eat food says fable lipsticks to such
so much so that water gets wet stays the dish
made with the model I never had
and when I tried it that way I
I only tried because I had a girl.
that she ate of our very good
very good and I thought it can not be is not
possible to experiment and it is
look at what I did not like when
I tried it, I loved it
I learned to do with molly now I do
always very tasty and now as with
Anything is very cool.
cool even okay that already has a
Chic has avocado but I always found it
strange but now I with io
is recommended last and not least
important is the language no case
thinking and pioneering has anywhere and
but got used to film for the
children when they want to raise money is
good and old but nothing is because he
really consumes quite excited
I took the side is cleaner here nothing
in the United States because when you
will steal something they offer
a queue before a lemonade around the
country had a lemonade
so it is something that well in culture
It's really good, I really liked it.
That I said fact that Brazil did not
They used to drink lots of lemonade.
but now I'm going to do it so this is it
Guys, I hope you liked it.
video I'd like who liked to
I subscribe to the channel you will do
possible to always bring things
different for you, do not forget to
me following this money
I can always photo the things I
I think it's interesting, I always am.
updating there then is this a personal one
kiss stay with God and even spent the
video bye